hey you're welcome Jacob it is so creepy
stop it oh that man mmm breakfast is
served yes it was what is all that can I
interest the gentleman in like an
English muffin or a crepe
those are crepes no no these are
blintzes these are crepes okay I'm good
no you're not good until you've had one
of these omelettes a mere style with a
little bit of salt you know I think I
don't want well a mere style is just a
little bit of salt I lied okay it's a
lot of salt and you're gonna enjoy it
half of this thing a salt but if you're
out partying last was it's okay I was
gonna say if you were a poison well if
you were partying then you want one of
these hangover killers this way both
ranch channels made a mere style no salt
at all you have a very inconsistent
style yes this food looks really old
yeah it's about a day old okay I overdid
it at brunch yesterday don't even eat
all of this food at brunch I jokingly
said to the waitress yesterday at brunch
a one of everything please she starts
giggling there's a chemistry there so I
smile there but I grab her form and I go
hey that wasn't a joke I want one of
everything bitch she takes me at face
value because you know duality of man or
whatever bitch starts bringing out
play-by-play for like an Apple app we're
going nuts the whole restaurants just up
in ours they start adding tables because
I'm at a table for one right so there's
not enough room there's not of area it's
a part of all these plates after every
plate she's like are you sure you can
afford all this stuff because you know
you've seen me on Saturday nights I'm
dressed like a vagrant or whatever but I
go hey not only am i sure I'm gonna pay
for all this stuff but there's a tip in
it for you I start losing it I am going
that booth crazy right
at 11:30 I say f it I'm live blogging
the thing it's going crazy the
Twittersphere just I'll buzz with this
stuff we're getting retweets comments on
my message board
it's absolutely ridonculous we're going
crazy in there all of a sudden I start
feeling like I'm on a fucking game show
or some issue all right long story shirt
I'll give you a blitz for 11 bucks
instead of 12 if you promise to throw in
a little extra for the hobo surround
channel I would
hey you for your huevos rancheros
alright let me level with you man
because you're obviously not getting it
I can't afford to eat $500 every time I
go out I can't have that on my
conscience
I can't have that on my card so this is
what I'm going to say to you I finish
all this food in three minutes or less
you pay me for it if I don't okay I'll
pay you double of what I paid fine all
right fine
oh I'm sorry no Liv this is too salty